Added documentation for "Goto" feature. (#4469)
OpenRefine/OpenRefine: docs/versioned_docs/version-3.5/manual/sortview.md

You can find, under <span class="menuItems">All</span> → <span class="menuItems">View</span>, the option to show and hide [“null” values](exploring#data-types). A small grey “null” will appear in each applicable cell. Remember that a null cell is not the same thing as an empty cell. 

![A screenshot of what a null value looks like.](/img/null.png)

> ## Goto {#goto}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Page navigation {#pagenavigation}
```

Reviewer 2: Yes. To be consistent with the rest, I would even propose `#page-navigation` as a hash key.

> You can directly go to any page within your project.You could do a number of things here:

Reviewer: Missing space.
```suggestion
You can directly go to any page within your project. You could do a number of things here:
```

> 1. Select the the Row range (Rows per page) display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the Row range (Rows per page) display.
```

   ![A screenshot of the Total rows of the Projects.](/img/total-rows.png)

2. The page range changes as "Rows Per Page" changes

   ![A screenshot of the Page with 10 Rows Per Page selected.](/img/page10.png)
   

>    Here you can see that 50 rows per page is been selected which changes the total number of pages in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Here you can see that 50 rows per page has been selected which changes the total number of pages displayed.
```

   
   ![A screenshot of the Page with 50 Rows Per Page selected.](/img/page50.png)

> 3. You can directly enter any page number(within the range) to get the Rows of that page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You can directly enter any page number(within the range) to get the Rows of that page.  Additionally, you can click inside the page number box and then use your keyboard up/down arrow keys to advance/reverse by 1 page.
```

You can find, under <span class="menuItems">All</span> → <span class="menuItems">View</span>, the option to show and hide [“null” values](exploring#data-types). A small grey “null” will appear in each applicable cell. Remember that a null cell is not the same thing as an empty cell. 

![A screenshot of what a null value looks like.](/img/null.png)

## Page navigation {#page-navigation}

> You can go directly to any page by changing the page number on the right-hand side. Using the up and down arrow keys in this input lets you go to the next and previous pages. You can also change the number of rows or records per page on the left-hand side of the menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can go directly to any page by changing the page number on the right-hand side. Using the up and down arrow keys in this input lets you go to the next and previous pages. You can also change the number of rows or records per page on the left-hand side of the view header bar.
```
